Docs: Convert Extending and Answers chapters (#4751)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/user/extending/plugin-types/mesh-refinement.md

necessary.

To alleviate this, ASPECT has plugins for mesh
refinement. Through the parameters in {ref}`sec:3.129`, one can select
when to refine but also which refinement criteria should be used and how they
should be combined if multiple refinement criteria are selected. Furthermore,
through the usual plugin mechanism, one can extend the list of available mesh
refinement criteria (see the parameter "Strategy" in

> {ref}`sec:3.129`). Each such plugin is responsible for producing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ref}`parameters:Mesh_20refinement/Strategy`). Each such plugin is responsible for producing a
```

vector of values (one per active cell on the current processor, though only
those values for cells that the current processor owns are used) with an
indicator of how badly this cell needs to be refined: large values mean that
the cell should be refined, small values that the cell may be coarsened away.

> :::{admonition} TODO
> `sec:3.129` references are to parameter files which are not yet set up.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
